Add Mastodon get account action & format actions (#43335)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/mastodon.markdown

## Actions

All Mastodon actions require integration `config_entry_id`. To find it, go to **Developer tools** > **Actions**. Choose the desired action and select your integration from dropdown. Then switch to YAML mode to see `config_entry_id`.

> - `mastodon.account_lookup`

Author: Fixed, was wrong to list it there.

## Actions

All Mastodon actions require integration `config_entry_id`. To find it, go to **Developer tools** > **Actions**. Choose the desired action and select your integration from the dropdown. Then switch to YAML mode to see `config_entry_id`.

### Action: Get account

> The `mastodon.get_account` action is used to get details of an account. Will only return accounts that are federated with your instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mastodon.get_account` action is used to get details of an account. Will only return accounts that are related to your instance.
```
looking for a simpler term to express this

Author: Federated instance is a very specific and regularly used/understood Mastodon term - a different instance that your instance knows about and syncs data with.
Related to doesn't give the same specificity and could imply just other accounts on your instance.

Reviewer: Thank you for explaining.

- **Data attribute**: `config_entry_id`
  - **Description**: The ID of the Mastodon config entry.
  - **Optional**: No

- **Data attribute**: `account_name`
  - **Description**: The account name to get, in the format `@user@instance`.
  - **Optional**: No

### Action: Post

The `mastodon.post` action posts a status to your Mastodon account.

- **Data attribute**: `config_entry_id`
  - **Description**: The ID of the Mastodon config entry.
  - **Optional**: No

- **Data attribute**: `status`
  - **Description**: The status text to post.
  - **Optional**: No

- **Data attribute**: `visibility`

>   - **Description**: If not used, will default to account setting. `public`: post will be public, `unlisted`: post will be public but not appear on the public timeline, `private`: post will only be visible to followers, and `direct`: post will only be visible to mentioned users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Description**: If not used, will default to account setting. `public`: post will be public. `unlisted`: post will be public but not appear on the public timeline. `private`: post will only be visible to followers. `direct`: post will only be visible to mentioned users.
```
